# 01: The Dragonwood

*Large Forest (22,300 sq/mi) home to the headwaters of the dagger river and the
logging town Woodhelm.*

## General Info

## Characters

- **Character Name** *Class(01):* [More Details](../characters/file_name) 
  - Small Description that provides context about the relationship between this 
  character and the current point.

## Locations

- **Woodhelm** *Town:* [More Details](../locations/file_name) 
  - Small Logging town at the headwaters of the Dagger River deep in the heart of The Dragonwood.
  Established by the Kingdom of Breland to meet the timber needs of the kingdom.
  
## Notable NPCs

- **Wilbard Drake** *Human, Fighter(10), Chaotic Good:* [More Details](../npcs/wilbard_drake_of_galethspyre.md) 
  - Local Reagent of Woodhelm, and Leader of The Visage of Kol Korran Both are headquartered within
  The Dragonwood.
  
- **Illiana d'Jorasco** *Halfling, Cleric(8), True Neutral:* [More Details](../npcs/illiana_d'jorasco.md)
  - Cleric / healer of Woodhelm, Friends of Wilbard. Not an "active" member of the Visage, but actively
  helps to stitch up their wounds. Also has contacts with the Boromor clan of Sharn and House Jorasco.
  
- **Dakan Stormrager** *(Orc or Gnome?) Druid(8), True Neutral:* [More Details](../npcs/some_druid.md)
  - Sworn to protect the Seal that lies within The Dragonwood. The Encroaching clear cutting risks the
  discovery of the seal, and currently spends their time scaring off encroaching loggers.
  
## Organizations

- **Breland** *Nation / Kingdom:* [More Details](../organizations/file_name) 
  - The Dragonwood lies entirely within the kingdom of Breland, and established the town of
  Woodhelm within it's reaches by the Kingdom.
  
- **Visage of Kol Korran** *Bandit / Spy Network:* [More Details](../organizations/visage_of_kol_korran.md) 
  - Headquartered in Woodhelm and has smuggling routes through to the black pits, and down the dagger river.
  
- **House Jorasco** *Dragonmarked House:* [More Details](../organizations/house_jorasco.md)
  - Branch within the town of Woodhelm to help heal the injurys that occur as part of the town. Also acts as
  a front / point of contact for Boromor clan.
  
- **The Gatekeepers** *Druid Clan:* [More Details](../organizations/the_gatekeepers.md)
  - Charged with Ensuring the Seals that hold the daelkyr at bay are never broken, these druids protect one
  of the seals that resides within the Dragonwood.
  
- **Sharn Inquisitor** *Newspaper:* [More Details](../organizations/sharn_inquisitor.md)
  - Newspaper that publishes throughout breland, they deliver their weekly edition about a week behind to the
  town of Woodhelm.
  
## Events

- **Event Name** *Event Kind:* [More Details](../events/file_name) 
  - Small Description that provides context about the relationship between this 
  event and the current point.